docs/components/accordion.md, before:

# Accordion
Panels of expandable content.

## Basic
<div class="accordion">
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 1</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the first section.</p>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 2</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the second section.</p>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 3</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the third section.</p>
    </div>
</div>

```html
 <div class="accordion">
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 1</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the first section.</p>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 2</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the second section.</p>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 3</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the third section.</p>
    </div>
</div>
```

## Nested
 <div class="accordion">
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 1</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <div class="accordion">
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 1</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the first sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 2</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the second sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 3</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the third sub-section.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 2</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <div class="accordion">
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 1</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the first sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 2</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the second sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 3</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the third sub-section.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

```html
 <div class="accordion">
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 1</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <div class="accordion">
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 1</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the first sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 2</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the second sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 3</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the third sub-section.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 2</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <div class="accordion">
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 1</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the first sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 2</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the second sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 3</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the third sub-section.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
```

<iframe onload="Accordion.check()"></iframe>

Commit message:

Update docs, add information about JS checks

docs/components/accordion.md, after:

# Accordion
Panels of expandable content.  Requires JS.

## Check
To check for Accordions and create dynamic content.  Useful in SPA frameworks.  Roobie checks for Accordions on initial load but if the Accordion is loaded after, you must explicitly check.
```js
Accordion.check();
```

### TypeScript
To use the Accordion class you must first declare it.
```ts
declare var Accordion;
```

### HTML
To use HTML to check for the Accordions, add an `iframe` to the bottom of your HTML where the Accordion resides.
```html
<iframe onload="Accordion.check()"></iframe>
```

## Basic
<div class="accordion">
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 1</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the first section.</p>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 2</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the second section.</p>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 3</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the third section.</p>
    </div>
</div>

```html
 <div class="accordion">
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 1</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the first section.</p>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 2</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the second section.</p>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 3</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <p>This is the third section.</p>
    </div>
</div>
```

## Nested
 <div class="accordion">
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 1</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <div class="accordion">
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 1</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the first sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 2</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the second sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 3</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the third sub-section.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 2</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <div class="accordion">
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 1</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the first sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 2</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the second sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 3</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the third sub-section.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>

```html
 <div class="accordion">
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 1</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <div class="accordion">
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 1</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the first sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 2</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the second sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 3</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the third sub-section.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
    <button class="accordion-header">Section 2</button>
    <div class="accordion-panel">
        <div class="accordion">
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 1</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the first sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 2</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the second sub-section.</p>
            </div>
            <button class="accordion-header">Sub-Section 3</button>
            <div class="accordion-panel">
                <p>This is the third sub-section.</p>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
```

<iframe onload="Accordion.check()"></iframe>
