docs/components/carousel.md, before:

# Carousel
Interactive slider full of content.

## Basic
<div id="carouselBasic" class="carousel" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
</div>

```html
<div id="carouselBasic" class="carousel" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
</div>
```

## Captions
<div id="carouselBasic2" class="carousel" index="1" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">1/3</div>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">2/3</div>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">3/3</div>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
</div>

```html
<div id="carouselBasic2" class="carousel" index="1" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">1/3</div>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">2/3</div>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">3/3</div>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
</div>
```

## Indicators
<div id="carouselIndicator" class="carousel" index="2" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
    <div class="carousel-indicators">
        <span index="0"></span>
        <span index="1"></span>
        <span index="2"></span>
    </div>
</div>

```html
<div id="carouselIndicator" class="carousel bdr" index="2" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
    <div class="carousel-indicators">
        <span index="0"></span>
        <span index="1"></span>
        <span index="2"></span>
    </div>
</div>
```
<iframe onload="Carousel.check()"></iframe>

Commit message:

Update docs, add information about JS checks

docs/components/carousel.md, after:

# Carousel
Interactive slider full of content.  Requires JS.

## Check
To check for Carousels and create dynamic content.  Useful in SPA frameworks.  Roobie checks for Carousels on initial load but if the Carousel is loaded after, you must explicitly check.
```js
Carousel.check();
```

### TypeScript
To use the Carousel class you must first declare it.
```ts
declare var Carousel;
```

### HTML
To use HTML to check for the Carousels, add an `iframe` to the bottom of your HTML where the Carousel resides.
```html
<iframe onload="Carousel.check()"></iframe>
```

## Basic
<div id="carouselBasic" class="carousel" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
</div>

```html
<div id="carouselBasic" class="carousel" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
</div>
```

## Captions
<div id="carouselBasic2" class="carousel" index="1" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">1/3</div>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">2/3</div>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">3/3</div>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
</div>

```html
<div id="carouselBasic2" class="carousel" index="1" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">1/3</div>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">2/3</div>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
        <p>This is a caption.</p>
        <div class="carousel-info">3/3</div>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
</div>
```

## Indicators
<div id="carouselIndicator" class="carousel" index="2" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
    <div class="carousel-indicators">
        <span index="0"></span>
        <span index="1"></span>
        <span index="2"></span>
    </div>
</div>

```html
<div id="carouselIndicator" class="carousel bdr" index="2" style="height: 350px;">
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 1</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 2</h1>
    </div>
    <div class="carousel-slide">
        <h1>Slide 3</h1>
    </div>
    <a class="carousel-previous">&#10094;</a>
    <a class="carousel-next">&#10095;</a>
    <div class="carousel-indicators">
        <span index="0"></span>
        <span index="1"></span>
        <span index="2"></span>
    </div>
</div>
```
<iframe onload="Carousel.check()"></iframe>
