docs/components/navbar.md, before:

# Navbar
Navigation bars of all shapes and sizes.

## Horizontal
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-around aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    </div>
    <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-xl">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-around aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-l">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <input type="text" class="input input-outline" placeholder="Search">
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <input type="text" class="input input-outline input-expand" placeholder="Search with expand">
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-s">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
</nav>

```html
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-around aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    </div>
    <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-xl">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-around aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-l">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <input type="text" class="input input-outline" placeholder="Search">
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <input type="text" class="input input-outline input-expand" placeholder="Search with expand">
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-s">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
</nav>
```

## Vertical
<div class="row aln-center">
    <nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
        <div class="col">
            <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
        <div class="col aln-center">
            <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
        </div>
    </nav>
    <nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="col">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </nav>
    <nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="col">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
        <div class="col aln-center">
            <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
        </div>
    </nav>
    <nav class="nav-col aln-center bdr1">
        <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-apps"></i></a>
        <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-linkedin"></i></a>
        <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-facebook"></i></a>
        <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-bell"></i></a>
    </nav>
    <nav class="nav-col aln-center bdr1 txtc">
        <div class="div">
            <h4 class="nav-heading">Section 1</h4>
            <div class="col aln-center">
                <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
                <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="div">
            <h4 class="nav-heading">Section 2</h4>
            <div class="col aln-center">
                <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
                <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
                <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </nav>
</div>

```html
<nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
    <div class="col">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
    <div class="col aln-center">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
    <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    <div class="col">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
    <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    <div class="col">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
    <div class="col aln-center">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-col aln-center bdr1">
    <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-apps"></i></a>
    <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-linkedin"></i></a>
    <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-facebook"></i></a>
    <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-bell"></i></a>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-col aln-center bdr1 txtc">
    <div class="div">
        <h4 class="nav-heading">Section 1</h4>
        <div class="col aln-center">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="div">
        <h4 class="nav-heading">Section 2</h4>
        <div class="col aln-center">
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</nav>
```
<iframe onload="Navbar.check()"></iframe>

Commit message:

Update docs, add information about JS checks

docs/components/navbar.md, after:

# Navbar
Navigation bars of all shapes and sizes.  Requires JS.

## Check
To check for Navbars and create dynamic content.  Useful in SPA frameworks.  Roobie checks for Navbars on initial load but if the Navbar is loaded after, you must explicitly check.
```js
Navbar.check();
```

### TypeScript
To use the Navbar class you must first declare it.
```ts
declare var Navbar;
```

### HTML
To use HTML to check for the Navbars, add an `iframe` to the bottom of your HTML where the Navbar resides.
```html
<iframe onload="Navbar.check()"></iframe>
```

## Horizontal
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-around aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    </div>
    <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-xl">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-around aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-l">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <input type="text" class="input input-outline" placeholder="Search">
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <input type="text" class="input input-outline input-expand" placeholder="Search with expand">
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-s">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
</nav>

```html
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-around aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    </div>
    <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-xl">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
    <div class="row">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-around aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-l">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <input type="text" class="input input-outline" placeholder="Search">
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <div class="row aln-center">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <input type="text" class="input input-outline input-expand" placeholder="Search with expand">
</nav>
<nav class="nav-row jst-between aln-center bdr1">
    <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    <div class="row aln-center rsp-menu-s">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
</nav>
```

## Vertical
<div class="row aln-center">
    <nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
        <div class="col">
            <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
        <div class="col aln-center">
            <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
        </div>
    </nav>
    <nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="col">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </nav>
    <nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <div class="col">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
        <div class="col aln-center">
            <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
        </div>
    </nav>
    <nav class="nav-col aln-center bdr1">
        <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-apps"></i></a>
        <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-linkedin"></i></a>
        <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-facebook"></i></a>
        <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-bell"></i></a>
    </nav>
    <nav class="nav-col aln-center bdr1 txtc">
        <div class="div">
            <h4 class="nav-heading">Section 1</h4>
            <div class="col aln-center">
                <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
                <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="div">
            <h4 class="nav-heading">Section 2</h4>
            <div class="col aln-center">
                <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
                <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
                <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
            </div>
        </div>
    </nav>
</div>

```html
<nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
    <div class="col">
        <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
    <div class="col aln-center">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
    <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    <div class="col">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-col jst-between aln-center bdr1 txtc">
    <a class="nav-title" href="">Roobie</a>
    <div class="col">
        <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
        <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
    </div>
    <div class="col aln-center">
        <a class="nav-item">user@roobie.net</a>
    </div>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-col aln-center bdr1">
    <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-apps"></i></a>
    <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-linkedin"></i></a>
    <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-facebook"></i></a>
    <a class="nav-item"><i class="icon icon-bell"></i></a>
</nav>
<nav class="nav-col aln-center bdr1 txtc">
    <div class="div">
        <h4 class="nav-heading">Section 1</h4>
        <div class="col aln-center">
            <a class="nav-item">Home</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Products</a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="div">
        <h4 class="nav-heading">Section 2</h4>
        <div class="col aln-center">
            <a class="nav-item">About Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Contact Us</a>
            <a class="nav-item">Help</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</nav>
```
<iframe onload="Navbar.check()"></iframe>
