docs/getting-started/themes.md, before:

# Themes
Themes are required for Roobie to function properly.  Create copies of `root.css`, `light.css` and `dark.css` from your install directory. Include them in your project instead of using the defaults to persist your themes or use a bundle distribution that includes the themes.  Make sure to include the theme files in your project or **things won't work correctly**.  Every CSS class in Roobie is based on a theme variable.

## Root
`root.css` classes and variables in are theme independent.  Modify them to change all themes.  Themes will not function properly without these variables.
```css
:root {
    --animation-duration: 1.5s;
    --path-divider: '/';
    /*Font Family*/
    --fntf1: 'Ubuntu', sans-serif;
    --fntf2: 'Open Sans', sans-serif;
    --fntf3: 'PT Sans', sans-serif;
    --fntf4: 'American Typewriter', serif;
    --fntf5: 'American Typewriter', serif;
    --fntf6: 'American Typewriter', serif;
    /*Font Weight*/
    --fntw1: 200;
    --fntw2: 300;
    --fntw3: 400;
    --fntw4: 700;
    --fntw5: 800;
    --fntw6: 900;
    /*Transition*/
    --trn1: '1s ease';
    --trn2: '1s ease';
    --trn3: '1s ease';
    --trn4: '1s ease';
    --trn5: '1s ease';
    --trn6: '1s ease';
    /*Border Radius*/
    --br1: 2px;
    --br2: 4px;
    --br3: 6px;
    --br4: 8px;
    --br5: 10px;
    --br6: 15px;
    /*Padding*/
    --pad1: 3px;
    --pad2: 5px;
    --pad3: 10px;
    --pad4: 15px;
    --pad5: 20px;
    --pad6: 30px;
    /*Margin*/
    --mrg1: 5px;
    --mrg2: 10px;
    --mrg3: 15px;
    --mrg4: 20px;
    --mrg5: 30px;
    --mrg6: 40px;
    /*Font Size*/
    --fnts1: .5em;
    --fnts2: .8em;
    --fnts3: 1em;
    --fnts4: 1.25em;
    --fnts5: 1.5em;
    --fnts6: 2em;
    /*Line Height */
    --lht1: .8em;
    --lht2: 1em;
    --lht3: 1.5em;
    --lht4: 2em;
    --lht5: 2.5em;
    --lht6: 3em;
    --drp-min-width: 160px;
}

html,
body {
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0;
    background-color: var(--bg1);
    font-family: var(--fntf1);
}

h1 {
    color: var(--h1);
}

h2 {
    color: var(--h2);
}

h3 {
    color: var(--h3);
}

h4 {
    color: var(--h4);
}

h5 {
    color: var(--h5);
}

h6 {
    color: var(--h6);
}

h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6,
p {
    margin: var(--mrg2) 0 !important;
}

span,
p {
    color: var(--t3);
}
```

## Pre-built Themes
`light.css` & `dark.css` are pre-built themes.  Copy them to create new themes and expand them with new variables.
### Light
```css
[theme="light"] {
    /*Base*/
    --primary: rgba(51, 192, 173, 0.7);
    --secondary: var(--bg4);
    /*Status*/
    --success: rgba(81, 190, 73, 0.7);
    --warning: rgba(235, 119, 42, .7);
    --danger: rgba(248, 62, 52, .7);
    --info: rgba(152, 217, 243, .7);
    /*Shade 1*/
    --white: rgb(240, 240, 240);
    --black: rgb(20, 20, 20);
    --grey: rgb(199, 199, 199);
    --red: rgb(167, 32, 32);
    --orange: rgb(243, 162, 11);
    --yellow: rgb(221, 221, 25);
    --green: rgb(19, 172, 82);
    --blue: rgb(23, 23, 192);
    --indigo: rgb(117, 13, 117);
    --violet: rgb(184, 88, 184);
    /* Shade 2*/
    --white2: rgba(240, 240, 240, .7);
    --black2: rgba(20, 20, 20, .7);
    --grey2: rgba(199, 199, 199, .7);
    --red2: rgb(182, 26, 26, .7);
    --orange2: rgba(243, 162, 11, .7);
    --yellow2: rgba(221, 221, 25, .7);
    --green2: rgba(19, 172, 82, .7);
    --blue2: rgba(23, 23, 192, .7);
    --indigo2: rgba(117, 13, 117, .7);
    --violet2: rgba(184, 88, 184, .7);
    /* Shade 3*/
    --white3: rgba(240, 240, 240, .5);
    --black3: rgba(20, 20, 20, .5);
    --grey3: rgba(199, 199, 199, .5);
    --red3: rgba(182, 26, 26, .5);
    --orange3: rgba(243, 162, 11, .5);
    --yellow3: rgba(221, 221, 25, .5);
    --green3: rgba(19, 172, 82, .5);
    --blue3: rgba(23, 23, 192, .5);
    --indigo3: rgba(117, 13, 117, .5);
    --violet3: rgba(184, 88, 184, .5);
    /*Text*/
    --t1: rgb(20, 20, 20);
    --t2: rgb(35, 35, 35);
    --t3: rgb(50, 50, 50);
    --t4: rgb(65, 65, 65);
    --t5: rgb(80, 80, 80);
    --t6: rgb(95, 95, 95);
    /*Background*/
    --bg1: rgb(240, 240, 240);
    --bg2: rgb(230, 230, 230);
    --bg3: rgb(220, 220, 220);
    --bg4: rgb(210, 210, 210);
    --bg5: rgb(200, 200, 200);
    --bg6: rgb(190, 190, 190);
    /*Heading*/
    --h1: var(--t1);
    --h2: var(--t1);
    --h3: var(--t2);
    --h4: var(--t2);
    --h5: var(--t5);
    --h6: var(--t5);
    /*Link*/
    --a1: var(--red2);
    --a2: white;
    --a3: white;
    --a4: white;
    --a5: white;
    --a6: white;
    /*Paragraph*/
    --p1: var(--t2);
    --p2: var(--t2);
    --p3: var(--t2);
    --p4: var(--t2);
    --p5: var(--t2);
    --p6: var(--t2);
    /*Border*/
    --bdr1: .5px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr2: 1px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr3: 2px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr4: 3px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr5: 5px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr6: 7px solid var(--bg5);
    /*Inset*/
    --in1: inset 0px 0px 1px 1px rgb(17, 17, 17, .1);
    --in2: inset 0px 0px 2px 2px rgb(17, 17, 17, .2);
    --in3: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .2);
    --in4: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
    --in5: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
    --in6: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
    /*Box Shadow*/
    --box1: 0 0 1px 1px rgb(17, 17, 17, .1);
    --box2: 0 0 2px 2px rgb(17, 17, 17, .2);
    --box3: 0 0 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .2);
    --box4: 0 0 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
    --box5: 0 0 4px 4px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
    --box6: 0 0 5px 5px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
}
```

### Dark
```css
[theme="dark"] {
    /*Base*/
    --primary: var(--blue2);
    --secondary: var(--bg4);
    /*Status*/
    --success: rgba(81, 190, 73, 0.7);
    --warning: rgba(235, 119, 42, .7);
    --danger: rgba(248, 62, 52, .7);
    --info: rgba(152, 217, 243, .7);
    /*Shade 1*/
    --white: rgb(240, 240, 240);
    --black: rgb(20, 20, 20);
    --grey: rgb(199, 199, 199);
    --red: rgb(182, 26, 26);
    --orange: rgb(243, 162, 11);
    --yellow: rgb(221, 221, 25);
    --green: rgb(19, 172, 82);
    --blue: rgb(83, 143, 255);
    --indigo: rgb(117, 13, 117);
    --violet: rgb(184, 88, 184);
    /* Shade 2*/
    --white2: rgba(240, 240, 240, .7);
    --black2: rgba(20, 20, 20, .7);
    --grey2: rgba(199, 199, 199, .7);
    --red2: rgb(182, 26, 26, .7);
    --orange2: rgba(243, 162, 11, .7);
    --yellow2: rgba(221, 221, 25, .7);
    --green2: rgba(19, 172, 82, .7);
    --blue2: rgba(39, 39, 219, .7);
    --indigo2: rgba(117, 13, 117, .7);
    --violet2: rgba(184, 88, 184, .7);
    /* Shade 3*/
    --white3: rgba(240, 240, 240, .5);
    --black3: rgba(20, 20, 20, .5);
    --grey3: rgba(199, 199, 199, .5);
    --red3: rgba(182, 26, 26, .5);
    --orange3: rgba(243, 162, 11, .5);
    --yellow3: rgba(221, 221, 25, .5);
    --green3: rgba(19, 172, 82, .5);
    --blue3: rgba(39, 39, 219, .5);
    --indigo3: rgba(117, 13, 117, .5);
    --violet3: rgba(184, 88, 184, .5);
    /*Text*/
    --t1: rgb(240, 240, 240);
    --t2: rgb(225, 225, 225);
    --t3: rgb(210, 210, 210);
    --t4: rgb(195, 195, 195);
    --t5: rgb(180, 180, 180);
    --t6: rgb(165, 165, 165);
    /*Background*/
    --bg1: rgb(20, 20, 20);
    --bg2: rgb(35, 35, 35);
    --bg3: rgb(50, 50, 50);
    --bg4: rgb(65, 65, 65);
    --bg5: rgb(80, 80, 80);
    --bg6: rgb(95, 95, 95);
    /*Heading*/
    --h1: var(--t1);
    --h2: var(--t1);
    --h3: var(--t2);
    --h4: var(--t2);
    --h5: var(--t5);
    --h6: var(--t5);
    /*Link*/
    --a1: var(--blue);
    --a2: white;
    --a3: white;
    --a4: white;
    --a5: white;
    --a6: white;
    /*Paragraph*/
    --p1: var(--t2);
    --p2: var(--t2);
    --p3: var(--t2);
    --p4: var(--t2);
    --p5: var(--t2);
    --p6: var(--t2);
    /*Border*/
    --bdr1: .5px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr2: 1px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr3: 2px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr4: 3px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr5: 5px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr6: 7px solid var(--bg5);
    /*Inset*/
    --in1: inset 0px 0px 1px 1px rgb(235, 235, 235, .1);
    --in2: inset 0px 0px 2px 2px rgb(235, 235, 235, .2);
    --in3: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .2);
    --in4: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
    --in5: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
    --in6: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
    /*Box Shadow*/
    --box1: 0 0 1px 1px rgb(235, 235, 235, .1);
    --box2: 0 0 2px 2px rgb(235, 235, 235, .2);
    --box3: 0 0 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .2);
    --box4: 0 0 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
    --box5: 0 0 4px 4px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
    --box6: 0 0 5px 5px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
}
```


## Custom Themes
You can add more themes alongside the base light and dark, just copy light.css or dark.css as a starting point and change the CSS selector to reflect the name of your theme.  If your theme is in an external file, make sure to import the theme file.
```css
[theme="light"] {
    // Roobie light theme variables
}

[theme="dark"] {
    // Roobie dark theme variables
}

[theme="themeName"] {
    // Custom themeName variables
}

[theme="themeName2"] {
    // Custom themeName2 variables
}

//etc
```

## Activate Theme
Activate a theme by setting local storage and body HTML attribute.  Replace `themeName` with the name of your theme. Roobie sets the default theme to `light` on load if the local storage variable is null, aka not set.  If the local storage `theme` variable is not null, the body HTML attribute theme is set to its value on load.


```js
localStorage.setItem('theme', themeName);
document.body.setAttribute('theme', themeName);
```

View active theme on body tag:
```html
<body theme="themeName">
```

Get active theme from body attribute:
```js
document.body.getAttribute('theme')
```

Get active theme from local storage:
```js
localStorage.getItem('theme');
```

Commit message:

Update docs, add theme switch and override docsify variables

docs/getting-started/themes.md, after:

# Themes
Themes are required for Roobie to function properly.  Create copies of `root.css`, `light.css` and `dark.css` from your install directory. Include them in your project instead of using the defaults to persist your themes or use a bundle distribution that includes the themes.  Make sure to include the theme files in your project or **things won't work correctly**.  Every CSS class in Roobie is based on a theme variable.
<div class="row">
    <span class="btn btn-secondary" onclick="Theme.switchTheme('dark')">Dark</span>
    <span class="btn btn-secondary" onclick="Theme.switchTheme('light')">Light</span>
</div>

## Root
`root.css` classes and variables in are theme independent.  Modify them to change all themes.  Themes will not function properly without these variables.
```css
:root {
    --animation-duration: 1.5s;
    --path-divider: '/';
    /*Font Family*/
    --fntf1: 'Ubuntu', sans-serif;
    --fntf2: 'Open Sans', sans-serif;
    --fntf3: 'PT Sans', sans-serif;
    --fntf4: 'American Typewriter', serif;
    --fntf5: 'American Typewriter', serif;
    --fntf6: 'American Typewriter', serif;
    /*Font Weight*/
    --fntw1: 200;
    --fntw2: 300;
    --fntw3: 400;
    --fntw4: 700;
    --fntw5: 800;
    --fntw6: 900;
    /*Transition*/
    --trn1: '1s ease';
    --trn2: '1s ease';
    --trn3: '1s ease';
    --trn4: '1s ease';
    --trn5: '1s ease';
    --trn6: '1s ease';
    /*Border Radius*/
    --br1: 2px;
    --br2: 4px;
    --br3: 6px;
    --br4: 8px;
    --br5: 10px;
    --br6: 15px;
    /*Padding*/
    --pad1: 3px;
    --pad2: 5px;
    --pad3: 10px;
    --pad4: 15px;
    --pad5: 20px;
    --pad6: 30px;
    /*Margin*/
    --mrg1: 5px;
    --mrg2: 10px;
    --mrg3: 15px;
    --mrg4: 20px;
    --mrg5: 30px;
    --mrg6: 40px;
    /*Font Size*/
    --fnts1: .5em;
    --fnts2: .8em;
    --fnts3: 1em;
    --fnts4: 1.25em;
    --fnts5: 1.5em;
    --fnts6: 2em;
    /*Line Height */
    --lht1: .8em;
    --lht2: 1em;
    --lht3: 1.5em;
    --lht4: 2em;
    --lht5: 2.5em;
    --lht6: 3em;
    --drp-min-width: 160px;
}

html,
body {
    height: 100%;
    width: 100%;
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0;
    background-color: var(--bg1);
    font-family: var(--fntf1);
}

h1 {
    color: var(--h1);
}

h2 {
    color: var(--h2);
}

h3 {
    color: var(--h3);
}

h4 {
    color: var(--h4);
}

h5 {
    color: var(--h5);
}

h6 {
    color: var(--h6);
}

h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6,
p {
    margin: var(--mrg2) 0 !important;
}

span,
p {
    color: var(--t3);
}
```

## Pre-built Themes
`light.css` & `dark.css` are pre-built themes.  Copy them to create new themes and expand them with new variables.
### Light
```css
[theme="light"] {
    /*Base*/
    --primary: rgba(51, 192, 173, 0.7);
    --secondary: var(--bg4);
    /*Status*/
    --success: rgba(81, 190, 73, 0.7);
    --warning: rgba(235, 119, 42, .7);
    --danger: rgba(248, 62, 52, .7);
    --info: rgba(152, 217, 243, .7);
    /*Shade 1*/
    --white: rgb(240, 240, 240);
    --black: rgb(20, 20, 20);
    --grey: rgb(199, 199, 199);
    --red: rgb(167, 32, 32);
    --orange: rgb(243, 162, 11);
    --yellow: rgb(221, 221, 25);
    --green: rgb(19, 172, 82);
    --blue: rgb(23, 23, 192);
    --indigo: rgb(117, 13, 117);
    --violet: rgb(184, 88, 184);
    /* Shade 2*/
    --white2: rgba(240, 240, 240, .7);
    --black2: rgba(20, 20, 20, .7);
    --grey2: rgba(199, 199, 199, .7);
    --red2: rgb(182, 26, 26, .7);
    --orange2: rgba(243, 162, 11, .7);
    --yellow2: rgba(221, 221, 25, .7);
    --green2: rgba(19, 172, 82, .7);
    --blue2: rgba(23, 23, 192, .7);
    --indigo2: rgba(117, 13, 117, .7);
    --violet2: rgba(184, 88, 184, .7);
    /* Shade 3*/
    --white3: rgba(240, 240, 240, .5);
    --black3: rgba(20, 20, 20, .5);
    --grey3: rgba(199, 199, 199, .5);
    --red3: rgba(182, 26, 26, .5);
    --orange3: rgba(243, 162, 11, .5);
    --yellow3: rgba(221, 221, 25, .5);
    --green3: rgba(19, 172, 82, .5);
    --blue3: rgba(23, 23, 192, .5);
    --indigo3: rgba(117, 13, 117, .5);
    --violet3: rgba(184, 88, 184, .5);
    /*Text*/
    --t1: rgb(20, 20, 20);
    --t2: rgb(35, 35, 35);
    --t3: rgb(50, 50, 50);
    --t4: rgb(65, 65, 65);
    --t5: rgb(80, 80, 80);
    --t6: rgb(95, 95, 95);
    /*Background*/
    --bg1: rgb(240, 240, 240);
    --bg2: rgb(230, 230, 230);
    --bg3: rgb(220, 220, 220);
    --bg4: rgb(210, 210, 210);
    --bg5: rgb(200, 200, 200);
    --bg6: rgb(190, 190, 190);
    /*Heading*/
    --h1: var(--t1);
    --h2: var(--t1);
    --h3: var(--t2);
    --h4: var(--t2);
    --h5: var(--t5);
    --h6: var(--t5);
    /*Link*/
    --a1: var(--red2);
    --a2: white;
    --a3: white;
    --a4: white;
    --a5: white;
    --a6: white;
    /*Paragraph*/
    --p1: var(--t2);
    --p2: var(--t2);
    --p3: var(--t2);
    --p4: var(--t2);
    --p5: var(--t2);
    --p6: var(--t2);
    /*Border*/
    --bdr1: .5px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr2: 1px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr3: 2px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr4: 3px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr5: 5px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr6: 7px solid var(--bg5);
    /*Inset*/
    --in1: inset 0px 0px 1px 1px rgb(17, 17, 17, .1);
    --in2: inset 0px 0px 2px 2px rgb(17, 17, 17, .2);
    --in3: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .2);
    --in4: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
    --in5: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
    --in6: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
    /*Box Shadow*/
    --box1: 0 0 1px 1px rgb(17, 17, 17, .1);
    --box2: 0 0 2px 2px rgb(17, 17, 17, .2);
    --box3: 0 0 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .2);
    --box4: 0 0 3px 3px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
    --box5: 0 0 4px 4px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
    --box6: 0 0 5px 5px rgb(17, 17, 17, .3);
}
```

### Dark
```css
[theme="dark"] {
    /*Base*/
    --primary: var(--blue2);
    --secondary: var(--bg4);
    /*Status*/
    --success: rgba(81, 190, 73, 0.7);
    --warning: rgba(235, 119, 42, .7);
    --danger: rgba(248, 62, 52, .7);
    --info: rgba(152, 217, 243, .7);
    /*Shade 1*/
    --white: rgb(240, 240, 240);
    --black: rgb(20, 20, 20);
    --grey: rgb(199, 199, 199);
    --red: rgb(182, 26, 26);
    --orange: rgb(243, 162, 11);
    --yellow: rgb(221, 221, 25);
    --green: rgb(19, 172, 82);
    --blue: rgb(83, 143, 255);
    --indigo: rgb(117, 13, 117);
    --violet: rgb(184, 88, 184);
    /* Shade 2*/
    --white2: rgba(240, 240, 240, .7);
    --black2: rgba(20, 20, 20, .7);
    --grey2: rgba(199, 199, 199, .7);
    --red2: rgb(182, 26, 26, .7);
    --orange2: rgba(243, 162, 11, .7);
    --yellow2: rgba(221, 221, 25, .7);
    --green2: rgba(19, 172, 82, .7);
    --blue2: rgba(39, 39, 219, .7);
    --indigo2: rgba(117, 13, 117, .7);
    --violet2: rgba(184, 88, 184, .7);
    /* Shade 3*/
    --white3: rgba(240, 240, 240, .5);
    --black3: rgba(20, 20, 20, .5);
    --grey3: rgba(199, 199, 199, .5);
    --red3: rgba(182, 26, 26, .5);
    --orange3: rgba(243, 162, 11, .5);
    --yellow3: rgba(221, 221, 25, .5);
    --green3: rgba(19, 172, 82, .5);
    --blue3: rgba(39, 39, 219, .5);
    --indigo3: rgba(117, 13, 117, .5);
    --violet3: rgba(184, 88, 184, .5);
    /*Text*/
    --t1: rgb(240, 240, 240);
    --t2: rgb(225, 225, 225);
    --t3: rgb(210, 210, 210);
    --t4: rgb(195, 195, 195);
    --t5: rgb(180, 180, 180);
    --t6: rgb(165, 165, 165);
    /*Background*/
    --bg1: rgb(20, 20, 20);
    --bg2: rgb(35, 35, 35);
    --bg3: rgb(50, 50, 50);
    --bg4: rgb(65, 65, 65);
    --bg5: rgb(80, 80, 80);
    --bg6: rgb(95, 95, 95);
    /*Heading*/
    --h1: var(--t1);
    --h2: var(--t1);
    --h3: var(--t2);
    --h4: var(--t2);
    --h5: var(--t5);
    --h6: var(--t5);
    /*Link*/
    --a1: var(--blue);
    --a2: white;
    --a3: white;
    --a4: white;
    --a5: white;
    --a6: white;
    /*Paragraph*/
    --p1: var(--t2);
    --p2: var(--t2);
    --p3: var(--t2);
    --p4: var(--t2);
    --p5: var(--t2);
    --p6: var(--t2);
    /*Border*/
    --bdr1: .5px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr2: 1px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr3: 2px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr4: 3px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr5: 5px solid var(--bg5);
    --bdr6: 7px solid var(--bg5);
    /*Inset*/
    --in1: inset 0px 0px 1px 1px rgb(235, 235, 235, .1);
    --in2: inset 0px 0px 2px 2px rgb(235, 235, 235, .2);
    --in3: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .2);
    --in4: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
    --in5: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
    --in6: inset 0px 0px 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
    /*Box Shadow*/
    --box1: 0 0 1px 1px rgb(235, 235, 235, .1);
    --box2: 0 0 2px 2px rgb(235, 235, 235, .2);
    --box3: 0 0 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .2);
    --box4: 0 0 3px 3px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
    --box5: 0 0 4px 4px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
    --box6: 0 0 5px 5px rgb(235, 235, 235, .3);
}
```


## Custom Themes
You can add more themes alongside the base light and dark, just copy light.css or dark.css as a starting point and change the CSS selector to reflect the name of your theme.  If your theme is in an external file, make sure to import the theme file.
```css
[theme="light"] {
    // Roobie light theme variables
}

[theme="dark"] {
    // Roobie dark theme variables
}

[theme="themeName"] {
    // Custom themeName variables
}

[theme="themeName2"] {
    // Custom themeName2 variables
}

//etc
```

## Activate Theme
Activate a theme by setting local storage and body HTML attribute.  Roobie sets the default theme to `light` on load if the local storage variable is null, aka not set.  If the local storage `theme` variable is not null, the body HTML attribute theme is set to its value on load.

### TypeScript
To use the Theme class in TypeScript you must declare it.
```ts
declare var Theme;
```

### Switch Theme
```js
Theme.switchTheme('light');
```

### On Click
```html
 <span class="btn" onclick="Theme.switchTheme('dark')">Dark</span>
```

### Under The Hood
Roobie switch theme is simply
```js
localStorage.setItem('theme', themeName);
document.body.setAttribute('theme', themeName);
```

### View Active Theme
View active theme on body tag
```html
<body theme="themeName">
```

Get active theme from body attribute
```js
document.body.getAttribute('theme')
```

Get active theme from local storage
```js
localStorage.getItem('theme');
```
